docs: remove ambiguity about pep440 and semver (#5576)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/libraries.md

## Versioning

> Poetry enforces [PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440) as a version scheme for all projects. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Poetry requires [PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440)-compliant versions for all projects. This
```

is done so to be compliant with the larger Python ecosystem. For example, if Poetry builds a distribution
for a project that uses a version that is not valid according to [PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440),
third party tools will be unable to parse the version correctly.

> Poetry does not enforce any versioning convention. Poetry does, however, encourage the use of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Poetry does not enforce any release convention. Poetry does, however, encourage the use of
```

> [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) as a convention within  scope of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) as a convention within the scope of
```

> [PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440). This has many advantages for the end users and allows them to set appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/#semantic-versioning). This has many advantages for the end users and allows them to set appropriate
```

[version constraints]({{< relref "dependency-specification#version-constraints" >}}).

The [PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440) version scheme is not fully compatible with  all
versioning schemes described by [semver](https://semver.org/). See
[here](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440/#semantic-versioning) for more information. For example,
`1.0.0-hotfix.1` is not compatible with [PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440). You can instead
choose to use `1.0.0-post1` or `1.0.0.post1`.

> 

Reviewer: I would make this section a warning and incorporate most of it into the above paragraph -- only put the concrete examples here.
